OSDOCS-19476 created z-stream RNS for 4-21-13 (#111193)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/zstream-4-21-13.adoc

* Before this update, when multiple Identity Providers (IdPs) were configured, a communication failure with any single provider would cause the entire configuration set to roll back to its previous state. This prevented the rollout of valid updates if a subset of IdPs was unreachable or unresponsive. With this release, communication issues with an individual IdP no longer block the deployment of the broader configuration. (link:https://redhat.atlassian.net/browse/OCPBUGS-81677[OCPBUGS-81677])

* Before this update, a synchronization failure occurring after a disk-to-mirror operation caused the `ClusterCatalog`, `CatalogSource`, and `UpdateService` resources to generate an empty status field. This lack of data created a significant gap in observability, preventing administrators from verifying resource health and causing downstream automation to stall as it waited for valid status conditions. With this release, the reconciliation logic has been corrected to ensure status metadata is properly captured and applied during the mirroring process. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-81743[OCPBUGS-81743])

> * Before this update, `service-CA` certificate rotation was not automatically detected by the `cluster-monitoring-operator` object, causing pods to continue using expired certificates. As a consequence, end users experienced monitoring Operator failure due to expired `service-CA` certificates. With this release, the console Operator now watches for secret changes of `service-CA` certificates, triggering deployment updates to restart pods. As a result, the monitoring Operator now automatically restarts pods with new certificates after service-CA rotation. (link:https://redhat.atlassian.net/browse/OCPBUGS-82037[OCPBUGS-82037])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Before this update, certificate rotation by the `service-ca` controller was not automatically detected by the `cluster-monitoring-operator` object, causing pods to continue using expired certificates. As a consequence, users experienced monitoring Operator failure due to expired `service-ca` certificates. With this release, the monitoring Operator now watches for secret changes of `service-ca` certificates, triggering deployment updates to restart pods. As a result, the monitoring Operator now automatically restarts pods with new certificates after `service-ca` rotation. (link:https://redhat.atlassian.net/browse/OCPBUGS-82037[OCPBUGS-82037])
```
we don't use "end users" in docs, just "users"
see https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/openshift_container_platform/4.21/html/security_and_compliance/configuring-certificates#understanding-service-serving_service-serving-certificate for `service-ca`

Author: Done

> * Before this update, the `cluster-ingress-operator` object failed to correctly set the `trustBundleName` argument when deploying Istio, preventing multiple Istio instances from running simultaneously within the cluster. With this release, the configuration is correctly applied during deployment, enabling interoperability between different Istio instances.. (link:https://redhat.atlassian.net/browse/OCPBUGS-82544[OCPBUGS-82544])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Before this update, the `cluster-ingress-operator` object failed to correctly set the `trustBundleName` argument when deploying Istio, preventing multiple Istio instances from running simultaneously within the cluster. With this release, the configuration is correctly applied during deployment, enabling interoperability between different Istio instances. (link:https://redhat.atlassian.net/browse/OCPBUGS-82544[OCPBUGS-82544])
```

Author: Done
